**Ultra Blockchain SDK License**

*Last updated May 30, 2022*

You should read carefully all the terms and conditions of this License
agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") between Ultra
Corporation OÃœ, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of
Estonia, registered with Commercial Registry under number 14442084,
having its registered office at Harju maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna
linnaosa, Tartu mnt 83-701, 10115 ("Ultra") and yourself (hereinafter
referred to as "You" or "Licensee").

By downloading and using the Ultra Blockchain SDK / checking the option
"I accept the terms in the License Agreement", you agree to be bound by
all the terms of the Agreement.

If You do not agree to be bound by the terms of the Agreement, then do
not install and/or use the Ultra Blockchain SDK.

**1. DEFINITIONS**

**"Confidential Information"** shall mean information and material of a
technical, economic, financial or business nature, whether or not
reduced to writing or other tangible form and whether or not marked as
"confidential" or "proprietary" that has been or may be disclosed to the
Licensee by Ultra, including, without limitation, any information, data
or know how relating to discoveries, ideas, concepts, inventions,
techniques, processes, designs, specifications, scripts, sketches,
drawings, blueprint, tracing, diagrams, model, samples, flow charts,
data, computer programs and documentation (including object code and
source code), database technologies, systems, structures and
architectures equipment, marketing plans, customers, suppliers, vendors,
business plans or opportunities, patent applications, business,
strategic and development plans, employees, business manuals, marketing
plans, financial proposals, negotiations and more generally all
information about Ultra Technology, as may be received and/or accessed
by the Licensee, whether before, on or after the Effective Date.

The Parties agree that the existence and nature of the Agreement
constitute Confidential Information.

**"Ultra Blockchain SDK"** shall mean the English version of object code
computer software in machine readable form and related documentation
provided by Ultra to Licensee under this Agreement.

**"Intellectual Property Rights (IPR)"** shall mean patents, rights to
inventions, copyright and related rights, trademarks and service marks,
trade names and domain names, rights in designs, rights in computer
software, database rights, rights in confidential information (including
know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights,
in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all
applications (or rights to apply) for, and renewals or extensions of,
such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection
which may now or in the future subsist in any part of the world.

**"Ultra Property"** shall mean (i) all documents, books, manuals,
materials, records, correspondence, papers and information (on whatever
media and wherever located) relating to Ultra Technology, (ii) any
equipment, keys, hardware or software provided to the Licensee by Ultra
and (iii) any data or documents (including copies) produced, maintained
or stored by the Licensee on the computer systems or other electronic
equipment of Ultra or the Licensee, (iv) any content, asset, technology
or branding which are to be used by the Licensee, and which existed and
was owned by Ultra prior to this Agreement.

**"Ultra Technology"** shall mean any product, software, operating
system, technology, platform or marketplace, whether or not based on
blockchain technology, developed or owned by Ultra. For clarification
purpose, Ultra Technology include the Ultra Blockchain SDK.

**2. OWNERSHIP**

The Ultra Blockchain SDK is the exclusive property of Ultra and/or its
licensors.

Licensee acknowledges that all Intellectual Property Rights in
connection with the Ultra Blockchain SDK remain the sole property of
Ultra and/or its licensors. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that it
does not acquire any Intellectual Property Rights in the Ultra
Blockchain SDK, Ultra Technology or Ultra Property.

The Licensee shall promptly, whenever reasonably feasible, take all
measures to protect those Intellectual Property Rights from infringement
by any third party, and ensure similar compliance from its personnel.

The Licensee shall promptly notify Ultra of any actual or suspected
unauthorized use of Ultra Technology or Ultra Property and/or disclosure
of any proprietary information of Ultra, of which the Licensee has
knowledge, and will cooperate fully with Ultra in the investigation and
prosecution of such unauthorized use and/or disclosure.

The Licensee will not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any
portion of Ultra Technology.

**3. GRANT OF RIGHTS**

Ultra hereby grants Licensee - without charges - a personal,
nontransferable and nonexclusive right to use the Ultra Blockchain SDK
to develop smart contracts to be published on Ultra\'s testnets and
mainnet blockchain.

It is Licensee's responsibility to make sure that any user of the Ultra
Blockchain SDK complies with the terms of the Agreement.

Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Agreement does not include any
technical support and/or maintenance services.

**YOU MAY:**

(a) install and use the Ultra Blockchain SDK solely to develop smart
    contracts to be published on Ultra\'s testnets and mainnet
    blockchain.

**YOU MAY NOT:**

(a) use the Ultra Blockchain SDK for any other purpose than the purpose
    defined above;

(b) modify, translate or alter the Ultra Blockchain SDK, including but
    not limited to, using macros or any other automation technologies
    that could extend the functionality or use of the Ultra Blockchain
    SDK or could result in any other derivative work. In the event
    modifications or derivative works are performed by You, Ultra
    shall own such modifications, alterations or derivative works by
    operation of the Agreement;

(c) reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, partially or completely,
    the Ultra Blockchain SDK;

(d) remove or alter any identification, proprietary notice, labels or
    trademarks of Ultra and/or its licensors which appear on or in the
    Ultra Blockchain SDK;

(e) sublicense, assign, license, sell, lease, rent, share the use of the
    Ultra Blockchain SDK or otherwise transfer it, or permit any third
    party to use the Ultra Blockchain SDK without the prior written
    consent of Ultra;

(f) use the Ultra Blockchain SDK in violation of any Country, Treaty,
    Federal or State law, regulation or rules, including laws with
    respect to misuse or improper use of information.

**4. OTHER RIGHTS**

The Ultra Blockchain SDK may include one or more libraries, files or
other items intended to help Licensee to use the Ultra Blockchain SDK.
Ultra grants Licensee the right to use these libraries, files and other
items provided Licensee complies with the terms of the Agreement and any
terms specific to the libraries or files. Licensee should refer to the
\"Read me\" file included in the Ultra Blockchain SDK for additional
information and terms. By accepting the Agreement, You also agree with
the additional terms and conditions, if any, set forth therein.

In any case, it is Licensee's responsibility to make sure that any user
of the Ultra Blockchain SDK complies with the terms of the Agreement.

**5. CONFIDENTIALITY**

In connection with this Agreement, the Licensee may have access to Ultra
Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall (i) be used by
Licensee solely for the purposes for which it is provided and for no
other purpose, (ii) be kept confidential by Licensee and its personnel
and protected from disclosure using the same standard of care as the
Licensee uses to protect its own similar confidential and proprietary
information, but not less than reasonable care, and (iii) be disclosed
only to such of the Licensee directors and employees on a need-to-know
basis for the purposes for which such Confidential Information is
provided and who have agreed (with confidentiality and non-use
obligations no less strict than those contained herein) to maintain the
confidential nature of such information. Licensee shall be responsible
and liable for any breach of the confidentiality obligations herein by
its directors and employees. The obligation of confidentiality will
survive termination of this Agreement and continue until such
information is deemed no longer confidential.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations under this section shall
not apply to information that: (i) is or becomes publicly available
through no act, omission or breach by the Licensee, (ii) was in
Licensee's lawful possession prior to the disclosure, (iii) is lawfully
disclosed to the Licensee by a third party without restriction on
disclosure, or (iv) is independently developed by the receiving party
without access to or use of the Confidential Information.

Licensee agrees that its obligations hereunder are necessary and
reasonable in order to protect Ultra, and expressly agrees that monetary
damages may not be adequate to compensate Ultra for any breach by the
Licensee of any covenants and agreements set forth herein. Accordingly,
Licensee agrees and acknowledges that any such violation or threatened
violation will cause irreparable injury to Ultra and that, in addition
to any damages or other remedies that may be available, in law, in
equity or otherwise, Ultra shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief
against the threatened breach of the Agreement or the continuation of
any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages.

**6. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

**6.1** EXCEPT FOR ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERM TO
THE EXTENT TO WHICH THE SAME MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ULTRA AND/OR ITS LICENSORS PROVIDE THE ULTRA BLOCKCHAIN
SDK ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. CONSEQUENTLY,
ULTRA AND/OR ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS -
WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY - AS TO ANY MATTER, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION PERFORMANCE, RESULTS, MERCHANTABILITY, INTEGRATION,
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, RELIABILITY OR
AVAILABILITY AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY'S RIGHTS.

**6.2** YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ULTRA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
AVAILABILITY OF ANY CONTENT PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY TO LICENSEE.
LICENSEE BEARS ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF THE ULTRA BLOCKCHAIN
SDK.

**6.3** IN NO EVENT, WILL ULTRA AND/OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER OR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES CAUSED TO LICENSEE, ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY,
EVEN IN CASE OF NEGLIGENCE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED, TO THE
INTERRUPTION OF THE GOOD ORDER WORK OF THE ULTRA BLOCKCHAIN SDK, THE
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA AND/OR ANY OTHER FINANCIAL LOSS ARISING
FROM THE USE OF THE ULTRA BLOCKCHAIN SDK OR INABILITY TO USE IT EVEN IF
ULTRA HAS BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

IN ANY CASE, ULTRA'S LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS LICENSORS UNDER THE
AGREEMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE ULTRA BLOCKCHAIN SDK SHALL NOT
EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS (100 \$).

THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS APPLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW.

**7.** **INDEMNIFICATION**

Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold Ultra, its parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand,
including reasonable attorneys\' fees, made by any third party due to or
arising out of Licensee's use of the Ultra Blockchain SDK, or the
infringement by Licensee of any Intellectual Property Right of any
person or entity.

**8. NON-DISCLOSURE AND REFERENCES**

The structure and organization of the Ultra Blockchain SDK may be
Confidential Information of Ultra and/or its licensors. Licensee shall
not disclose such Confidential Information. The obligation of
non-disclosure shall remain in force until the information is not
considered as confidential anymore.

**9. TERM AND TERMINATION**

Unless early termination, the license of use under the Agreement is
granted to Licensee for an indefinite term.

Either party can terminate the Agreement at any time without cause and
with a forty-eight hours (48h) written notice.

Upon termination of the Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Licensee
shall immediately stop using the Ultra Blockchain SDK and destroy any
copy. Licensee will certify in writing he complied with this
requirement. The termination of the Agreement does not prevent Ultra
from claiming any further damages.

**10. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS**

The relationship between Ultra and Licensee is that of
Licensor/Licensee. In all matters relating to the Agreement, Licensee
will act as an independent party. It is Licensee\'s responsibility to
comply with any applicable laws and regulations. If any provision of the
Agreement is held to be unenforceable upon a definite legal provision or
a statutory or judicial determination, the remainder of the Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect. The waiver by either party of a
breach or default hereunder does not constitute the waiver of any
subsequent breach or default. The Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between Ultra and Licensee relating to the Ultra Blockchain
SDK. No change or modification to the Agreement shall be valid unless it
is in writing. The Agreement is in the English language only, which
language shall be controlling in all respects. The Agreement shall be
governed by French law and any dispute, controversy or claim arising out
of or related to the Agreement shall be settled by the courts located in
Paris, France.

**YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.**
